So I started at Guerrilla Fitness back in the summer of 2018
When I started,
I really struggled to do
almost all of the movements here.
In about 7 years being here
it's really incredible the transformation that i've had
and, I really trusted kind of the process
and trusted the coaching
and programming of the gym.
Everybody gives you
really, really
individualized attention
they make sure
that they're coaching you on
the specific things that you need to work on
now i'm able to rx most of the workouts here
I feel great
I come in 4 days a week
and I think that's a testament to just
taking it slow and steady
and following the guidance
that the coaches have given me